Q-1...Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?
Ans...No, HTML tags and elements are different...tags are use for building blocks of HTML page also tags are mostly in pairs strating and ending tags AND elements are components that are used like starting tag, contain, ending tag.

Q-2...What are tags and attributes in HTML?
Ans...Tags are used for display contain but attributes are define how contain will behave you add all things by attributes..

Q-3...What are avoid elements in HTML?
Ans...Which Elements not required closing tag it's call void tag...Like br,hr,img,input

Q-4...What are HTML Entities?
Ans...entities use for display reserved Characters.

Q-5...What are different types of lists in HTML?
Ans...3 types of list in HTML 1> Unordered list 2>orderd list 3>description List.

Q-6...What is the 'Class' attribute in HTML?
Ans...This attribute use for specifies one or more classnames for element.

Q-7...What is the difference between the ‘id’ attribute and the ‘class’ attribute of HTML elements?
Ans...class is use for multiple elements and id is use for one element.

Q-8...What are the various formatting tags in HTML?
Ans...By use formatting tags change text look, size, color,alingment etc...

Q-9...How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?
Ans...Cell padding use for increase and decrease space between Cells and Border AND Cellspacing use for increase/decrease space between individual cells.

Q-10...How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML table?
Ans...For Club row use Rowspan="value" And For club Collum use Colspan="value".....how many row and collums want to club it's write in value (like I want 2 row club in table then i can write Rowspan="2")

Q-11...What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element? 
Ans...block element start from new line and take whole page width and inline element not start from new line & takes up space as required..

Q-12...How to create a Hyperlink in HTML? 
Ans...there are 2 way to create hyperlink in html First is use Anchor tag and Second is use anchor tag with src attribute....

Q-13...What is the use of an iframe tag? 
Ans...inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML document.

Q-14...What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example?
Ans...span tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document.

Q-15...How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page? 
Ans...by using of backgroundimage attribute inside the body tag.

Q-16...How are active links different from normal links?
Ans...A normal link is just a line of code that contains a pointer to another resource. An active link is that line of code in action, opening that other resource.

Q-17...What are the different tags to separate sections of text?
Ans...<br>,<hr> are used for separate section of text..

Q-18...What is SVG? 
Ans...SVG stands for Scalable Vector Graphics.SVG is used to define vector-based graphics for the Web.

Q-19...What is difference between HTML and XHTML? 
Ans...HTML is the standard markup language for creating web pages,while XHTML is a stricter and more standardized version of HTML. also in XHTML alway tags write in lower case...

Q-20...What are logical and physical tags in HTML? 
Ans...logical tags are use for tell meaning of enclose text and physical tags are use for tell to browser how to display enclosed in tags. 

 

 





 

 